♪ ♪
[Greer] Gentlemen.
- Good to have you back.
- [Ryan] Did you get my message?
- I did.
- And?
They'll be there.
Ambassador Cahill. Jack Ryan.
Miller may not be on side.
but you've got my team's
full support here.
Thank you. Anything
on the plane?
Antonov An-26.
We're using its specs to narrow
down where it could have landed.
I've got a team ready to
debrief you back at the embassy.
Great. let's go.
Jack. look at me.
Time to wake up.
There's no version
of trusting Gocharov
after what just happened.
I'd be dead if it
wasn't for him.
If it weren't for him.
we wouldn't have a
WMD on the way here.
I got it handled.
- Have you talked to Wright?
- [sighs]
Miller took her off the board.
For what. Matoksa?
Sure. that made the list.
Well. I owe her.
So do I.
♪ ♪
[Faddei] Your phone.
We can't risk communications
being intercepted.
Order came from the top.
I expected him to be here.
to see the fruits of his labor.
You will meet soon enough.
Until then. we
follow our orders.
Ready for this?
Yeah.
Sure you don't want to come
in. see what you're missing?
Yeah. no. I'd rather see
the bottom of a pilsner.
Holler if you need me.
Well. Jack. you came all
this way. Hope this works.
Is the ground team ready?
Waiting on your orders. sir.
- You're on the clock now.
- How long?
Fifteen. maybe 20 minutes max.
[elevator bell chimes]
[elevator doors open]
[Jana] Your father
will be here soon.
I know you miss him.
Marika. give me your hand.
Come on.
[screams]
- Marika!
- [Marika screams]
Marika!
[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
[church bell tolling]
[David] People would understand
if you didn't want to be here.
You need to get some rest.
Sleep isn't going
to help. David.
This isn't your fault.
You couldn't have known
Radek would betray you.
Give us a moment. David?
Uh. sure.
Border crossings?
Closed. in both directions.
Obviously. we don't
have eyes everywhere...
I want him found.
Understood.
And the other thing?
It's done.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[siren wailing in distance]
- [Miller] How was the flight?
- The flight was fine.
I could have done
without the escort.
Jack Ryan is a
fugitive from justice.
His accomplices should be
treated with the same respect.
You have no idea the
gravity of the situation.
My mistake for expecting more
of the president's golf buddy.
- Careful.
- You staked your claim
on rooting out
agency corruption.
but when you couldn't
find any. you invented it.
Crazy thing is. I bet you
sleep just fine at night.
You have any idea how
much chaos you and Ryan
left in your wake. the
amount of political
- hand-holding I had to...?
- You want chaos?
Keep disregarding what your
operatives are telling you.
We are being goaded into war.
The time for
politicking is over.
As is your tenure with the CIA.
Fuck you.
There will be a
full investigation
into your actions over
the last few weeks.
OGC will take a
statement on record.
We're gonna match
it against Ryan's.
so best get your facts straight.
[Lin] We've examined all
flight path scenarios
from Matoksa.
There are six possible sites
based on the runway
distance the plane needs
- to land safely.
- [Ryan] Okay. and you took into account
- the weight of the cargo?
- Yes. and the fact
they'd avoid
high-traffic airports.
All right. what
about control towers?
They'd want as few
eyes on as possible.
- [Lin] Still leaves four.
- [Greer] We're not in-country.
and we don't have the resources.
We're not gonna be able
to check 'em all out.
And if we guess wrong. that
warhead is gonna be long gone
before we even get a
chance to get there.
It's about what they need.
If they intend to detonate
and blame us for the fallout.
where would they want to do it?
But are they launching
by land or air?
If they had a
launch-capable aircraft.
they would have
left Matoksa in it.
That leaves an MLV.
But how do they get
their hands on that?
- One of those goes missing. we know about it.
- Right.
We got company.
What happened to 15 to 20?
Good luck. bro.
[sighs]
All right. two upstairs.
and two. come with me.
[elevator bell chimes]
Where the fuck is he?
Who. Ryan?
You just missed him.
Ryan!
- Stairs. stairs.
- Contact on Ryan.
North stairwell.
Secure the exits.
♪ ♪
Shit.
Lobby. Now!
[elevator bell chimes]
Son of a bitch.
[panting]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. come on. man.
You actually ordered?
You're so fucking early.
Shit.
- We're too early.
- They're gonna be there.
[shouting in Czech]
- Stop it!
- [shouting in Czech]
This man is a fugitive!
We're executing a Red Notice.
Cervené oznámení.
Cervené oznámení. We'll
take it from here.
Stand back.
You have no jurisdiction here.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa. wait.
We're all friends.
Friends. Pritel. pritel.
[officer speaks Czech]
You're a lot faster
than I thought.
You're a lot less
fun than I thought.
[chuckles]
[grunts] Okay.
[engine starts]
[Jana] It was sad.
watching you with him...
not knowing who he really was.
Petr only showed you the
face he wanted you to see.
You're right. I don't know him.
But you do.
And I can see in your eyes
that you still fear my father.
Even knowing you'll
never see him again.
He would have killed me.
And my daughter.
Just as he murdered my husband.
Just as he would kill
you if he had to.
He had his chance.
He didn't take it.
'Cause he still has use for you.
How do you know. even now.
that your choices are your own?
Where is he?
Why do you protect him?
You said it yourself.
he feels nothing.
He cares about no one.
When you have purpose.
you don't need friends.
Oh. uh-uh. uh-uh. whoa. whoa.
[Harris] James Greer.
you're under arrest.
You are not serious.
You made yourself an
accessory to Ryan's crimes
and incriminated this entire
station while you were at it.
Trust me. you're gonna look a
lot worse at the end of the day.
How do you figure?
You guys really have no idea
what the hell is
going on. do you?
[Alena] You must be Jack Ryan.
Madam President. Thank you.
- Mr. November.
- Ma'am.
I've got IS pulling
satellite photos
of the airstrips. as requested.
and our armed forces are
on standby. but first
you're going to tell
me everything you know.
- Ms. Wright?
- Yes?
There's a message for you.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
[line ringing]
- [man] Yes?
- General Ramos.
This is Elizabeth Wright.
head of station in Rome.
I've got a message
from James Greer.
What? He's still kicking?
I'm afraid so. And
he's calling in a chit.
[laughs softly] Well. I
look forward to hearing
what I can do for
you. Officer Wright.
Are you ready?
You're not going with him?
It is his journey
alone. You are with me.
[tires screeching]
[Alena] And you have
no idea which airstrip?
As of right now. my asset has
not relayed that location.
You let a fucking nuclear
missile into my country
and you don't even
know where it is?
Madam President. they're
already en route.
If we don't leave now.
we're going to be late.
Well. tell the commander
an emergency has come up.
Okay.
- Commander?
- There's a NATO convoy
en route to Cáslav Air Base.
- From where? Ramstein?
- Yes.
They're due in three hours.
Can you bring up the route
from Ramstein to Cáslav?
We've been assuming that
the plan is to launch.
to make us look responsible.
But what if we've been
thinking too far ahead?
- Meaning?
- Small wars theory.
One escalation after
another in order to provoke
a specific retaliatory response.
But a launch would
be too far. too fast.
I mean. before that. they'd
have to get the whole world
to believe that we even
moved nuclear weapons
into this country.
I would never authorize that.
No one would believe it.
Unless the evidence
was extremely public.
[Alena] I don't understand.
They don't need us to launch.
They just need to make it
look like a nuclear accident.
- Cáslav Air Base.
- That's the only way to sell it as ours.
We're gonna need a ride.
You realize how
crazy this sounds.
I do.
This will confirm
everything I just told you.
What do you need from me?
I need someone to back my play.
And you'll be in the room.
Well. I was hoping when
you called in the favor
it'd be something
small. like a kidney.
So. this old Soviet war
plan's been resurrected
- by a group of hardliners.
- And when you were chasing Jack.
- he was chasing them.
- [Lin] Sir?
- Who is that?
- Petr Kovac.
[Lin] There's no record of
anyone by that exact name
having enlisted in the Red
Army. so we expanded our search
based on age and years active.
Bring up any listed
as missing or KIA.
Easier to invent a new life for
yourself if nobody's looking.
[phone ringing]
There he is. Lebedev.
Missing. presumed dead.
April 1969. Matoksa. Russia.
- I'll be damned.
- [Cahill] Something's going on.
The NATO air base was
just placed on high alert.
Madam President. we've
located the convoy.
They're 30 kilometers
from the base.
We're blocking civilian
traffic in both directions.
We're five kilometers out.
[Cahill] Establish
communications
with the convoy.
What the hell are
we gonna tell them?
"Welcome to the shitshow."
[woman] Patching
NATO command through.
[NATO command] Black
Diamond. Charlie Alpha 3-2.
Romeo-Lima 6. Copy.
Uh. we have an
emergency situation.
Black Hawk inbound
to your position.
Coordinate our response.
Patching you through
now to Officer Ryan.
[Ryan] Colonel Moore.
this is Jack Ryan.
We are coming up on
your six. do you copy?
[Moore] Copy.
Command said something
about an officer.
To whom do I owe the honor?
Former first lieutenant.
What seems to be
the trouble. Marine?
[Ryan] Well. sir. I don't
think there's any good way
to say it. so I'm
just gonna say it.
We believe there is
nuclear cargo on a truck
heading to intercept
your position.
Their intention?
We believe it is to detonate.
[Moore] Okay. Lieutenant.
What do you recommend?
Well. let me ask you this.
- How fast are you going?
- 40 miles per hour.
And what are the chances
you can increase that speed?
Son. we got several tons
of explosive munitions
aboard this convoy.
So if you're asking
for a high-speed chase.
we ain't outrunning shit.
Copy that.
Well. sir.
[crackling] we're not going...
- any...
- Shit.
What?
[radio crackling]
[pilot] We lost
them in the tunnels.
We'll meet them
on the other side.
How long till that
convoy reaches Cáslav?
At this ground speed.
ETA is two hours.
Do we have any leads
- on that truck's location?
- Still looking.
The road they're on will take
them right through Nymburk.
How big is that town?
15. maybe 20.000 people.
Jack.
They need outrage. casualties.
Holy shit.
They never intended
to reach the base.
Nymburk is the target.
I repeat. Nymburk is the target.
[indistinct conversations]
I want a five-kilometer
perimeter until we know
- what we are dealing with.
- Yes. sir.
- ♪ ♪
- [indistinct conversations]
- We need eyes on that truck.
- Roger. Heading to intercept.
[Alena] Nymburk.
That's the target.
[Jana] You think
you can stop this?
Stop him?
It's too late now.
Everything's in motion.
And it's bigger
than all of us now.
Is it bigger...
than your daughter?
What should I tell her
about who her parents were?
That they were patriots.
You were pawns. He used you.
We knew what we were doing.
It's you he used.
You and your mother.
My mother?
Her family's connections.
money. power.
political influence.
That's why he chose her.
And as you know.
everyone's dispensable.
Even your daughter?
Now tell me where he is.
Luka Gocharov.
You have me at a disadvantage.
[Petr] Discretion is
the only way this works.
But I don't have
to tell you that.
I was disappointed
when Alexei told me
of your convictions.
If I'd known they
aligned with ours.
we would've put your
talents to use before now.
I'm surprised to see you here.
Without a window
to the realization
of your efforts.
A man does not preside
over his successes.
Just his failures.
Matoksa was an
interesting choice. huh?
Reignite Sokol in the
place it was born.
Why take the risk?
Being back there
after so many years.
It must have been
strange for you.
Hauntingly so.
But you're right.
It was a risk.
Perhaps it will give
meaning to those
who sacrificed
their lives there.
To those you sacrificed.
[helicopter whirring]
Jack? We got eyes.
Jesus Christ. how
fast is he going?
How far back is he?
Six clicks and closing.
[Greer] Jack. if
you've got a plan.
the time is now.
Shit. Jack.
We're gonna lose
him in the tunnel.
That's it.
Are there any more
tunnels after this?
Navigation system
shows one more.
We got to get ahead of them!
Get ahead of them.
[Jack] Romeo-Lima
6. this is Phoenix.
Do you copy?
Romeo-Lima 6. that truck
is six clicks back and
closing in on your position.
- Do you copy?
- [Moore] Copy.
- We got a plan yet. Marine?
- [Jack] Yes. sir.
I'm gonna need you to slow down.
- What?
- Eyes on the road. Sergeant.
Say again. Ryan?
There's only one more tunnel.
We need him to catch up to you.
I know this is very
difficult to understand.
But there's only
one way to stop him.
so I'm gonna need
you to trust me.
[Moore] Okay. let's hear it.
Do you remember my name?
Lebedev.
I carried your photo for years
after Matoksa.
I watched your family.
I waited.
But you never returned.
[Petr] And that ate at you.
Because I was the
one that got away.
The ghost.
It's fitting this end
how it started.
Don't you think?
The two of us together.
And you waited all this time.
For what?
Vengeance?
You are as arrogant as
I've always imagined.
But not a traitor.
I am not the one arm in arm
with the Americans.
You actually thought
Alexei brought
you into the fold?
I brought you in. Gocharov.
Just as I brought you here.
I'm not your ghost.
You are mine.
How much time we got?
Two or three minutes. tops.
Pull over.
♪ ♪
All right. sir. here we go.
And Colonel?
I'll see you on the other side.
Go. go. go. go. go!
Do exactly as I say. understood?
Yes. sir.
All right. here we go.
set it down. set it down!
♪ ♪
[Moore] All right.
here. kill it.
Move. move. let's go!
♪ ♪
Jack!
We got to go!
0.5 klicks and closing.
They're not gonna make it.
Go. go!
Slow. slow. slow.
slow. slow. slow!
Stop! Stop. stop. stop! Slow
down. slow down. slow down.
Go. go. go!
Jack! Goddamn it.
Get to the next truck.
drive as fast as you can.
[tires screech]
All right. let's go! Go!
Jack's going in.
[officer] General.
power grid on standby.
[Novak] Proceed.
Kill the power.
Yes. sir.
[both panting]
[Greer] Come on. Jack. come on.
[tires screeching]
[Moore] Go!
Come on. come on. come on.
come on. come on. come on!
[tires screeching]
[explosion]
Get us down! Get us down now!
Holy shit.
[Greer] Jack. you copy?
Jack. do you read me?
♪ ♪
Jack!
[grunting]
I got eyes on Jack.
We're good.
[exhales]
Jesus.
[Petr] The explosion
is all that was needed.
What is done cannot be undone.
And I am the arrogant one. hmm?
This mantle you carry
will die with you. Lebedev.
I have only lit the match.
Others... will stoke the flame.
Russia has become
a small country
ruled by small men.
But the fire is growing.
Even you cannot stop it.
[laughs]
Not even me. hmm?
Don't you think I know
about Crossbow?
[men grunting]
[indistinct radio chatter]
Ma'am.
[soldiers shouting]
I'm Luka Gocharov.
- I've been working with...
- I know who you are.
He left me with no choice.
His artery is severed.
This will hold till you
get him to a hospital.
I would like the room. please.
I knew you'd come.
Everything.
All of it. my entire life.
It was all a lie.
Not everything.
Don't you dare.
Don't you dare say you loved me.
You...
You were unexpected.
brought joy where
there was none.
I was nothing more
than a puppet.
My desk.
For you.
You don't understand now.
But. one day. you will.
No. I don't think so.
You're done manipulating me.
[grunting]
[chuckles]
[whimpers]
[exhales]
[indistinct radio chatter]
We got a change of plans.
[exhales]
[footsteps approaching]
He didn't make it.
Are they expecting a briefing?
They know as much as we
do at this point. sir.
He's read in.
Not to this. sir.
[overlapping conversations]
[Ramos] As far as we
know. there's been
no loss of life
outside the driver.
But I don't need to tell you.
it could have been a lot worse.
[Miller] Yes. our teams
are assessing the extent
- of the radiological...
- [Fleming] Damn it. Tom. will you pipe down?
I'm trying to figure
out how the hell
we didn't know what was
going on over there.
Actually. we did. sir.
This is a paramilitary team
entering the U.S.
Embassy in Prague.
Not under the cover
of law enforcement.
but rather under the
personal direction
of CIA Director Miller
to rendition one of our own.
[Hutchins] Wait a minute.
what the hell is this?
- I didn't authorize this.
- With all due respect. sir...
- You knew about this?
- Officer Ryan...
Is the only one who knows
what's going on out there.
And instead of being supported.
he's been pursued
by this office.
My apologies.
Mr. Vice President.
There was an issue
with my credentials.
Are you saying today's events
could have been averted?
No. sir. I'm saying that
if the agency had his back
from the beginning. today's
events would have been averted.
[sighs] Bring Ryan in.
Make sure he has
everything he needs.
You're running the
show from here on out.
Yes. sir.
For a second there. I
thought we lost you.
I'm sorry to disappoint.
- Good to see you. brother.
- Uh-huh.
So what are the odds
this is a one-way trip?
80... 90%?
At least my last flight
won't be in coach.
So are we clear to fly?
The manifest has us listed
as a diplomatic entourage.
Madam President.
That was very
brave. what you did.
Well. we got lucky.
Let's hope our luck
doesn't run out in Moscow.
Careful with that one.
We can't be too certain he
isn't playing both sides.
I assume everyone is
playing both sides.
Officer Greer.
[Mike] Madam President.
Well done.
"Well done"?
If we hadn't stopped that
truck. tens of thousands
of people are dead.
But you did.
I don't really understand you.
You could have stopped
all of it in Matoksa.
Not all of it.
What does that mean?
NATO moving nuclear material
in violation of
international law.
That was the final escalation.
Are you talking about
a full-scale war?
Now you know what the
Russians' response will be.
And what's our response?
'Cause I don't have anything.
No plans. no leads. nothing.
You have me.
♪ ♪
[plane engines powering up]